Now that you've observed
the problem of not being
able to properly update the page
once some data was created.
We can quickly fix that problem and
move on to creating the editor, so
it's actually just a one line change.
It's quite simple to fix, but
I just wanted to exaggerate how much of
a problem that is, so
you can think about it.
Really the only thing we need to do
is anywhere service side really, but
specifically in this route because
that's where we're making a change,
we just need to tell Next.JS.
Well, first you have to understand
how Next.JS caches data and
what it does with data,
whatever a page like.
This page here gets data, especially
if it's using something like fetch,
it's gonna be cached, right?
And that's the problem,
it's still data, right?
We can tell Next.JS that we want
to re-validate that cache and
clean it and go get it again.
Whenever we make changes, so
that's all we have to do.
So we can go into our posts right before
we respond, we can say, hey, by the way,
can you re-validate this path for me?
So you can import revalidatePath
from NextCache, and
you can just give it a route.
In this case, the route that we
wanna re-validate is journal.
>> I know there's something called use
optimistic coming along as an alternative
to re-validate,
I was reading about this last night.
Is that something you've spoken to
the next folks about is that still too
premature to really like discuss or
think about?
>> Yeah, the thing about use optimistic is
mostly for server actions that you want to
optimistically show updates for,
so we're not using server action.
So I wouldn't use it and then it's a hook
that you have to use on client side.
So in my opinion, I'm why even do the
server action if you already have to make
a client component to show
the use optimistic update?
I get it, you're saving, at that point,
the only thing you're saving is the fact
that you don't have to make
the API route yourself,
but it's still making
a request over the wire.
It's still doing everything
else you just don't have.
So you're trading the work from
setting up the API route and
instead set up all the things to make sure
you can get the data and do validation.
So I don't know if it's worth it,
in my opinion.